RocketPy documentation
======================

RocketPy uses `Sphinx <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/>`_ to generate the
documentation.
Sphinx makes it easy to create documentation for Python projects and it is
widely used for Python projects, such as
`NumPy <https://numpy.org/doc/stable/>`_,
`Pandas <https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/>`_ and
`SciPy <https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/>`_.


The `ReadTheDocs <https://about.readthedocs.com/?ref=readthedocs.com>`_ is used
to host the documentation. It is a free service that automatically builds
documentation from your sphinx source files and hosts them for free.

RocketPy official documentation is available at
`https://docs.rocketpy.org <https://docs.rocketpy.org/en/latest/index.html>`_.


How to build the documentation in your local machine
----------------------------------------------------

When you find yourself modifying the documentation files and trying to see the
results, you can build the documentation in your local machine.
This is important to check if the documentation is being generated correctly
before pushing the changes to the repository.

To build the documentation in your local machine, you need to install a set of
requirements that are needed to run the sphinx generator.
All these requirements are listed in the ``requirements.txt`` file inside the
``docs`` folder.

The easiest way to install the requirements and build the documentation is by
RocketPy's ``Makefile`` command:

.. code-block:: bash

    make build-docs

This command will install the requirements and generate the documentation in the
``docs/_build/html`` folder.

.. note::

    This requires the ``make`` command to be available in your system. Check out
    GNU Make documentation on how to install it.

To see the documentation, open the ``docs/_build/html/index.html`` file in your
browser.

.. important:: 
    
    Watch out for any introduced warnings or errors that may appear in the terminal
    when building the documentation. If you find any, fix them before
    pushing the changes to the repository or at least warn the team about
    them.

Sometimes you may face problems when building the documentation after several
times of building it. This may happen because sphinx does not clean the ``docs/_build``
folder before building the documentation again.

One can use the internal Makefile inside the ``docs`` folder generated by sphinx
to have specific commands to build and clean the documentation.

To clean the ``docs/_build`` folder, run the following commands in your terminal:

.. code-block:: bash

    cd docs/
    make clean

After cleaning the ``docs/_build`` folder, you can build the documentation again
by going back to rocketpy root directory and using the ``make build-docs`` command
described above.

If the error persists, it may be related to other files, such as the ``.rst``
files or the ``conf.py`` file.

.. danger::
    
    Do not modify sphinx internal Makefile or the ``docs/make.bat`` files. 
    These files are automatically generated by sphinx and any changes will be lost.


How to integrate the documentation with ReadTheDocs
---------------------------------------------------

The documentation is automatically built and hosted by `ReadTheDocs`.
Every time a commit is pushed to selected branches of the repository (such as `master` and `develop`), 
`ReadTheDocs` will build the documentation and host it automatically. 

However, custom branches need to be manually added. If you need to have your branch
available on `ReadTheDocs`, ask to a maintainer for help.

The connection between the GitHub repository and the `ReadTheDocs` project is
already configured and defined in the ``readthedocs.yml`` file, available at the
root of the repository.

.. note::
    
    You need admin permissions to configure the `ReadTheDocs` project. Ask \
    the team for help if you don't have admin permissions.

