#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   nbsphinx
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
entrypoints==0.4
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
idna==3.7
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-sphinx
ipython==8.24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-sphinx
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via jupyter-sphinx
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-sphinx==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   nbconvert
lxml-html-clean==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   nbsphinx
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
nbsphinx==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
numpy==1.26.4
    # via pandas
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.2
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.3.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   nbsphinx
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-design==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   nbsphinx
typing-extensions==4.12.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
